build/portabase usr/bin
packaging/linux/portabase.desktop usr/share/applications
resources/icons/linux/16x16/portabase.png usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps
resources/icons/linux/22x22/portabase.png usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps
resources/icons/linux/32x32/portabase.png usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps
resources/icons/linux/48x48/portabase.png usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps
resources/icons/linux/64x64/portabase.png usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/apps
resources/icons/linux/128x128/portabase.png usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps
resources/icons/linux/portabase.svgz usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps
resources/icons/portabase.xpm usr/share/pixmaps
resources/help/_build/_static/* usr/share/portabase/help/_static
resources/help/_build/cs/*.html usr/share/portabase/help/cs
resources/help/_build/cs/*.inv usr/share/portabase/help/cs
resources/help/_build/cs/*.js usr/share/portabase/help/cs
resources/help/_build/cs/_sources/* usr/share/portabase/help/cs/_sources
resources/help/_build/en/*.html usr/share/portabase/help/en
resources/help/_build/en/*.inv usr/share/portabase/help/en
resources/help/_build/en/*.js usr/share/portabase/help/en
resources/help/_build/en/_sources/* usr/share/portabase/help/en/_sources
resources/help/_build/ja/*.html usr/share/portabase/help/ja
resources/help/_build/ja/*.inv usr/share/portabase/help/ja
resources/help/_build/ja/*.js usr/share/portabase/help/ja
resources/help/_build/ja/_sources/* usr/share/portabase/help/ja/_sources
resources/help/_build/zh_TW/*.html usr/share/portabase/help/zh_TW
resources/help/_build/zh_TW/*.inv usr/share/portabase/help/zh_TW
resources/help/_build/zh_TW/*.js usr/share/portabase/help/zh_TW
resources/help/_build/zh_TW/_sources/* usr/share/portabase/help/zh_TW/_sources
